tidb-cloud: support creating a VPC peering across different VPCs (#17459)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md

    The **VPC Peering** configuration is displayed by default.

4. Click **Add**, choose the AWS icon, choose the **TiDB Cloud VPC Region**, and then fill in the required information of your existing AWS VPC:

    - Your existing VPC Region
    - AWS Account ID
    - VPC ID
    - VPC CIDR

>     You can get these information from your VPC details on the VPC dashboard. TiDB Cloud supports creating VPC peerings between VPCs from two different regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can get the information from your VPC details on the VPC dashboard. TiDB Cloud supports creating VPC peerings between VPCs from the same region or two different regions.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if VPCs from the same region is still supported

>     You can get these information from your VPC details on the VPC dashboard. TiDB Cloud supports creating VPC peerings between VPCs from two different regions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can get these information from your VPC details on the VPC dashboard. TiDB Cloud supports creating VPC peerings in the same region and between VPCs from two different regions.
```

>     You can get these information from your VPC details on the VPC dashboard. TiDB Cloud supports to create VPC peerings between VPCs from two different regions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can get these information from your VPC details on the VPC dashboard. TiDB Cloud supports creating VPC peerings between VPCs from two different regions.
```
